Mr. Wook.
Are you dressed like this today because you want to go on a date?
Yes, today I went with Mary to choose a gift for grandpa.
Mr. Wook, you won't be here tonight.
No turning back.
What are you thinking?
Gone.
This is Thien Nhat Cac.
The greatest treasure of Yen Kinh city
Inside there are many rare treasures.
So today is to choose a gift for grandpa.
Send it to him as a congratulatory gift from him
as junior
I also gave grandpa a gift.
YES.
Just choose.
I will pay.
There is no reason for a girl to pay.
Don't forget, I'm a super member.
So the gift here I can choose 3 for free.
No matter how much it is worth, I can take it.
So this does not count as me coming to pay.
Then I have to choose a good one.
Alright.
Why is he here?
Could it be that he hasn't absorbed those two bones yet?
What a shame.